Report produced by Shintaro and Spyros

Regarding the difficulty of the course, according to the bar graph: 
through the comparison of means for the first and second semesters, we can conclude that Sociology is is the course with the best grades, Psychology is next, and Computer Science is third in both semesters. Therefore, it seems that Computer Science is the most difficult for students. Furthermore, from the first to the second semester, the mean scores of all three categories decreased. For this reason, there is a high probability that the average grade of the students will decrease in the next semester. Teachers need to give extra support to students in these subjects. It is important that the reasons for the decrease in performance are identified, through surveys and interviews.

When it comes to Computer Science, which has the lowest average grade in both semesters, there may be some students who could not cover the course content. Specifically, as 'Machine Learning' is the lowest compared to other subjects, teachers need to give some tips for them to recapitulate the previous class content. In addition, overall, the value of standard deviation in Computer Science classes is higher than in other psychology and sociology classes. This means that in terms of the understanding of the course, there is a gap between the students. One solution might be to set up a learning community for them to work and collaborate together.

In terms of the student class report in computer science classes, the top 3 most used words are easy: 41, assignments: 33, racket: 22. For this result, the students might feel that there are a lot of assignments throughout the semester. Considering the fact that the mean of the test score is the lowest, teachers need the quality of the assignments to contribute to students' learning. In addition, the correlation between "Computer Science classes" and "Absence" is around -0.4 on the Correlation Heatmap. Furthermore, the results of the Scatter Matrix show that among the students with low CS test scores, many of them have a high number of absences. From these results, we can say: There is a relationship between low CS test scores and the number of absences of the students. Hence, it is considered necessary to create a system that allows students to catch up on the learning content, even if they are absent from school.
